Cao Fei’s work seemingly submerges players into a world that is in part reflective of their own experiences and aesthetic sensibilities, as well as progressively developing or “constituted” by those who play within her work. I could imagine that any work, especially those in which “players” actively live within them, are largely shaped by the players themselves. I think this is perhaps echoed in a line from Alice Jim’s article:
Cao Fei’s SL art emphasized the roles played by various stakeholders—as art collectors, art institutions, and land developers, as not only observers but denizen-participants in the formation of RMB City as a new transnational urban space.
When we think of people who live in the world today, their interactions – our interactions – shape and form the spaces, history, culture, and world around us (no matter how insignificant.) RMB City is maybe a smaller representation of this, with anonymous users shaping the interactions and history of the project itself. I found it interesting how the project combines virtual spaces with influences of reality, and I wonder if perhaps this created a sense of comfortability? I’m not certain how to explain it, but often when I travel to places that are not familiar to me, there are certain landmarks, objects and even stores that ease my discomfort by the simple fact that they are something recognizable. It’s like finding a Starbucks at the top of Namsan when I was stranded in South Korea. I had no clue exactly where I was or why there was a Starbucks there, but it was familiar. In this way, while we tend to thing of art, video games, media and literature as forms of escape, I think we also connect to those things in particular when there is something at its core that we relate to (not really sure if that makes sense). 
As for Now You’re In My Computer, this project and how it constituted space for its users was an altogether different experience. Here the users were invited into Mattese’s personal space, with content that for most would be altogether private. I get the feeling that there would almost be a sense of invasion, although we had obviously been invited. Invasion on our part I mean. Which when you think about it, we more than likely give up far more information today, “willingly”, to utilize certain features, app and services. 
