
How does the virtual body relate to the biological body?

At the core of this question, one could assume that the relation between the virtual and biological is, perhaps, through the sense of self. That is, whatever self is presented, and the other parts that are otherwise hidden, ignored or simply not seen. When we interact with someone, they might come to know a specific aspect or side of ourselves, but not every self. These selves might only be revealed in certain circumstances. There is a common idea that when you meet someone for the first time, there is an instantaneous perception of a person that is formed. Each self in relation to another self, might have completely different perceptions of who that self is. This multitude of selves, could arguably be directly reflected in those "autonomous” virtual bodies. And regardless of the anonymity a virtual body might afford someone, there is still a very real emotional connection to that intangible form. 
During the pandemic, I became very engrossed in the world of Dungeons and Dragons. I joined an online group and created my very first character: Nari, a Moon Druid Kalashtar. Confused? Don’t worry, I didn’t really know what any of that mean either, but it sounded cool. The thing is, I had a lot of trouble playing this game at first. I had never roleplayed before, and it still kind of felt embarrassing. I had no real emotional connection to this character, because her experiences were not my experiences. But I kept playing, and strangely enough, I found myself becoming emotionally invested in her story. I found myself attaching small kernels of my own emotions; victory never felt more euphoric, and the death of another character never felt more tangible. Even the criticism of my character’s actions brought the swift sting of indignation. Our realities were so far apart from one another, but this character had become a reflection of me. Or really, one of the many selves that make up me. And that is why I think emotion is so intrinsic to the self, regardless of the virtual or biological body it inhabits. Regardless if it’s a program only meant to imitate that emotion or even if it is only an expression of oneself written on paper and played out in a tabletop game. 
